[FAU-415] Update admission requirements filter (#25)
RRZE-Webteam/FAU-Studium-Embed: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - Expanded admission requirements filter to include the option 'Admission free with restriction'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Expand the admission requirements filter to include the "Admission free with restriction" option.
```
